---
ID: "422"
post_author: "3"
post_date: "2016-11-25 16:37:10"
post_date_gmt: "2016-11-25 16:37:10"
post_title: 'Weekly $SDate: 2016-11-25 $'
post_excerpt: ""
post_status: publish
comment_status: open
ping_status: open
post_password: ""
post_name: weekly-sdate-2016-11-25
to_ping: ""
pinged: ""
post_modified: "2016-11-25 16:37:10"
post_modified_gmt: "2016-11-25 16:37:10"
post_content_filtered: ""
post_parent: "0"
guid: https://sebito.iliu.net/?p=422
menu_order: "0"
post_type: post
post_mime_type: ""
comment_count: "0"
title: 'Weekly $SDate: 2016-11-25 $'
...
---

[markdown]
# Agenda

- minutes from last week
- look back
- successes
- challenges
- recognition
- look forward
- activity list
- a.o.b

# Look Back

- successes
  - Got good marks on math and reading.
  - Got RV in English
  - Advanced on the project
  - Completed all of the actions from before.
- challenges
  - forgot to brig my howework!
  - Broke my phone
  - Dropped mom's new phone.
- recognition
  - nothing to report.  Dad says this is *terrible*.
  - happy that the schedule for football is in.

# Actions

- Next Week
  - Input Football schedule
  - Redactie sommen 8 (Monday)
  - Spelling Les 3x4, 3x5 (Wednesday)
  - Taak taal 1 (Thursday)
  - Informatievewerking (Friday)
  - Work on Surprise
  - Work on Project
  - Practice CITO toets

- Last week
  - DONE Practice for the CITO toets.
  - DONE Organize tennis competition for next year
  - DONE Input Football schedule
  - DONE Work on the Project -- Check with Juf when it is due.
  - DONE Redactie Sommen 7 (Monday)
  - DONE Werkword Spelling les (3.9 &amp; 3.10) (Wednesday)
  - DONE Engels SO (2.1 to 2.4) (Thursday)
  - DONE Tak Taal 4 (THursday)
  - DONE Informatieverwerking (Friday)

# Dates

- TKD Competition on SUNDAY!
- Cito Toets in progress... One more week to go
- Sebito will start writing the minutes in *TWO* weeks
- surprise is 5th December 
- Aardrijkskunde Toets 20th December

# A.O.B.

- Sebito wants that Kalay helps him with his surpise.

[/markdown]

[new_post]New Meeting[/new_post]
